father frost has been known to use a
motorized parachute the old man in his
red robe is being reincarnated in the
Moscow region on this winter's day he
will descend from the sky to offer his
new year greetings to the children but
it's in danger of being disrupted
because father frost parachute needs
good weather and a gentle breeze if he's
to deliver his message
two coats and a pair of felt boots on
top of his shoes anything to avoid
freezing in the clouds madinat a
professional pilot offices best wishes
to the children for the third year run
in the sun fashion
wait the last time deal unique artist is
indeed something unique because he's the
only hang gliding father frost you're
cute model our father frost is more
realistic than all the others and the
impression one gets was that he is
simply walking on air
I'd ask he went into the air to head for
nearby children's home his presence in
the sky is something of a miracle nobody
here expected to see anything like this
when father fast touches down one of the
children rush over to him without
hesitation they all want to touch this
fairytale character who has descended
from the heavens
lor
are you getting on here are you real or
some real thank you sure you know where
I come from yes
we even have real fir trees here
lots of snow motor does your worst time
didn't even touch me you're so cold good
yes
one of the year's most memorable events
and not only because of the gifts were
endless over but maybe it proves that
dreams can come true and a fairy tale
really has come to mom
presence brought by father frost that's
what we love the most new year is a time
when everyone wants a miracle and
expects a prayer